now these are the last words of David
now these are the last words of David buss says David the son of Jesse thus
buss says David the son of Jesse thus
buss says David the son of Jesse thus says the man raised up on high the
says the man raised up on high the
says the man raised up on high the anointed of the God of Jacob and the
anointed of the God of Jacob and the
anointed of the God of Jacob and the sweet psalmist of Israel the spirit and
sweet psalmist of Israel the spirit and
sweet psalmist of Israel the spirit and the Lord spoke by me
the Lord spoke by me
the Lord spoke by me and his word was on my tongue the God of
and his word was on my tongue the God of
and his word was on my tongue the God of Israel said the rock of Israel spoke to
Israel said the rock of Israel spoke to
Israel said the rock of Israel spoke to me he who rules over men must be just
me he who rules over men must be just
me he who rules over men must be just ruling in the fear of God and he shall
ruling in the fear of God and he shall
ruling in the fear of God and he shall be like the light of the morning when
be like the light of the morning when
be like the light of the morning when the Sun rises a morning without clouds
the Sun rises a morning without clouds
the Sun rises a morning without clouds like the tender grass springing out of
like the tender grass springing out of
like the tender grass springing out of the earth by clear shining after rain
the earth by clear shining after rain
the earth by clear shining after rain although my house is not so with God yet
although my house is not so with God yet
although my house is not so with God yet he has made with me an everlasting
he has made with me an everlasting
he has made with me an everlasting covenant ordered in all things and
covenant ordered in all things and
covenant ordered in all things and secure for this is all my salvation and
secure for this is all my salvation and
secure for this is all my salvation and all my desire will he not make it
all my desire will he not make it
all my desire will he not make it increase but the sons of rebellion shall
increase but the sons of rebellion shall
increase but the sons of rebellion shall only as thorns thrust away because they
only as thorns thrust away because they
only as thorns thrust away because they cannot be taken with hands but the man
cannot be taken with hands but the man
cannot be taken with hands but the man who touches them
who touches them
who touches them must be armed with iron and the shaft of
must be armed with iron and the shaft of
must be armed with iron and the shaft of the spear
the spear
the spear and they shall be utterly burned with
and they shall be utterly burned with
and they shall be utterly burned with fire in their place these are the names
fire in their place these are the names
fire in their place these are the names of the mighty men whom David helped
of the mighty men whom David helped
of the mighty men whom David helped Joseph
Joseph
Joseph Bathsheba's the Tecmo night chief among
Bathsheba's the Tecmo night chief among
Bathsheba's the Tecmo night chief among the captains he was called adeno the Eze
the captains he was called adeno the Eze
the captains he was called adeno the Eze night because he had killed eight
night because he had killed eight
night because he had killed eight hundred men at one time and after him
hundred men at one time and after him
hundred men at one time and after him was Eleazar the son of Doda the arrow
was Eleazar the son of Doda the arrow
was Eleazar the son of Doda the arrow hight one of the three mighty men with
hight one of the three mighty men with
hight one of the three mighty men with David when they defied the Philistines
David when they defied the Philistines
David when they defied the Philistines who were gathered there for battle and
who were gathered there for battle and
who were gathered there for battle and the men of Israel had retreated he arose
the men of Israel had retreated he arose
the men of Israel had retreated he arose and attacked the Philistines until his
and attacked the Philistines until his
and attacked the Philistines until his hand was weary and his hand stuck to the
hand was weary and his hand stuck to the
hand was weary and his hand stuck to the sword the Lord brought about a great
sword the Lord brought about a great
sword the Lord brought about a great victory that day and the people returned
victory that day and the people returned
victory that day and the people returned after him only to plunder and after him
after him only to plunder and after him
after him only to plunder and after him was Shama the son of a key the haver
was Shama the son of a key the haver
was Shama the son of a key the haver right
right
right the Philistines had gathered together
the Philistines had gathered together
the Philistines had gathered together into a troop where there was a piece of
into a troop where there was a piece of
into a troop where there was a piece of ground full of lentils so the people
ground full of lentils so the people
ground full of lentils so the people fled from the Philistines but he
fled from the Philistines but he
fled from the Philistines but he stationed himself in the middle of the
stationed himself in the middle of the
stationed himself in the middle of the field defended it and killed the
field defended it and killed the
field defended it and killed the Philistines so the Lord brought about a
Philistines so the Lord brought about a
Philistines so the Lord brought about a great victory then three of the thirty
great victory then three of the thirty
great victory then three of the thirty chief men went down at harvest time and
chief men went down at harvest time and
chief men went down at harvest time and came to David the cave of Adeline and
came to David the cave of Adeline and
came to David the cave of Adeline and the troop of Philistines encamped in the
the troop of Philistines encamped in the
the troop of Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim David was then in the
valley of Rephaim David was then in the
valley of Rephaim David was then in the stronghold and the garrison of the
stronghold and the garrison of the
stronghold and the garrison of the Philistines was then in Bethlehem and
Philistines was then in Bethlehem and
Philistines was then in Bethlehem and David said with longing oh that someone
David said with longing oh that someone
David said with longing oh that someone would give me a drink of the water from
would give me a drink of the water from
would give me a drink of the water from the well of Bethlehem which is by the
the well of Bethlehem which is by the
the well of Bethlehem which is by the gate so the three mighty men broke
gate so the three mighty men broke
gate so the three mighty men broke through the camp of the Philistines
through the camp of the Philistines
through the camp of the Philistines through water from the well of Bethlehem
through water from the well of Bethlehem
through water from the well of Bethlehem that was by the gate and took it and
that was by the gate and took it and
that was by the gate and took it and brought it to David
brought it to David
brought it to David nevertheless he would not drink it but
nevertheless he would not drink it but
nevertheless he would not drink it but poured it out to the Lord
poured it out to the Lord
poured it out to the Lord far be it from me or Lord that I should
far be it from me or Lord that I should
far be it from me or Lord that I should do this is this not the blood of the men
do this is this not the blood of the men
do this is this not the blood of the men who went in jeopardy of their lives
who went in jeopardy of their lives
who went in jeopardy of their lives therefore he would not drink it these
therefore he would not drink it these
therefore he would not drink it these things were done by the three mighty men
things were done by the three mighty men
things were done by the three mighty men now Abby Shahi the brother of Joab the
now Abby Shahi the brother of Joab the
now Abby Shahi the brother of Joab the son of Azura aya was chief of another
son of Azura aya was chief of another
son of Azura aya was chief of another three he lifted his spear against three
three he lifted his spear against three
three he lifted his spear against three hundred men killed them and won a name
hundred men killed them and won a name
hundred men killed them and won a name among these three was he not the most
among these three was he not the most
among these three was he not the most honoured of free therefore he became
honoured of free therefore he became
honoured of free therefore he became their captain
their captain
their captain however he did not attain to the first
however he did not attain to the first
however he did not attain to the first three banal was the son of jehoiada the
three banal was the son of jehoiada the
three banal was the son of jehoiada the son of a valiant man from capsule who
son of a valiant man from capsule who
son of a valiant man from capsule who done many deeds he had killed to land
done many deeds he had killed to land
done many deeds he had killed to land like heroes of Moab he also had gone
like heroes of Moab he also had gone
like heroes of Moab he also had gone down and killed a lion in the midst of a
down and killed a lion in the midst of a
down and killed a lion in the midst of a pit on a snowy day and he killed an
pit on a snowy day and he killed an
pit on a snowy day and he killed an Egyptian a spectacular man the Egyptian
Egyptian a spectacular man the Egyptian
Egyptian a spectacular man the Egyptian had a spear in his hand so he went down
had a spear in his hand so he went down
had a spear in his hand so he went down to him with a staff rested the spear out
to him with a staff rested the spear out
to him with a staff rested the spear out of the Egyptians hand and killed him
of the Egyptians hand and killed him
of the Egyptians hand and killed him with his own spear these things denier
with his own spear these things denier
with his own spear these things denier the son of jehoiada did and won a name
the son of jehoiada did and won a name
the son of jehoiada did and won a name among three mighty men he was more
among three mighty men he was more
among three mighty men he was more honored than the thirty but he did not
honored than the thirty but he did not
honored than the thirty but he did not attain to the first three and David
attain to the first three and David
attain to the first three and David appointed him over his guard a Sahel the
appointed him over his guard a Sahel the
appointed him over his guard a Sahel the brother of joy was one of the fit
brother of joy was one of the fit
brother of joy was one of the fit I'll hainan the son of Doda of Bethlehem
I'll hainan the son of Doda of Bethlehem
I'll hainan the son of Doda of Bethlehem Shama the Herod ight alike the haver
Shama the Herod ight alike the haver
Shama the Herod ight alike the haver died he less the pal tight IRA the son
died he less the pal tight IRA the son
died he less the pal tight IRA the son of a quiche the dacoit a by either the
of a quiche the dacoit a by either the
of a quiche the dacoit a by either the Anitha fight Nirvana the hue show fight
Anitha fight Nirvana the hue show fight
Anitha fight Nirvana the hue show fight Zalman yahoo height Meharry i the mid
Zalman yahoo height Meharry i the mid
Zalman yahoo height Meharry i the mid tougher fight he lab the son of Bayona
tougher fight he lab the son of Bayona
tougher fight he lab the son of Bayona than the TEFL fight it AI the son of rye
than the TEFL fight it AI the son of rye
than the TEFL fight it AI the son of rye barley from Gibeah of the children of
barley from Gibeah of the children of
barley from Gibeah of the children of Benjamin benaiah a pitiful night hit AI
Benjamin benaiah a pitiful night hit AI
Benjamin benaiah a pitiful night hit AI from the Brooks of gash a by almond the
from the Brooks of gash a by almond the
from the Brooks of gash a by almond the Arbor fight as Mavis the BA humate Eliab
Arbor fight as Mavis the BA humate Eliab
Arbor fight as Mavis the BA humate Eliab ah the shale the night of the sons of
ah the shale the night of the sons of
ah the shale the night of the sons of Jason Jonathan Shama the hero right
Jason Jonathan Shama the hero right
Jason Jonathan Shama the hero right a Higham the son of Shara the hero right
a Higham the son of Shara the hero right
a Higham the son of Shara the hero right Alif alert the son of Ahaz by the son of
Alif alert the son of Ahaz by the son of
Alif alert the son of Ahaz by the son of the mayor a fight
the mayor a fight
the mayor a fight alaya the son of a if L the guy la night
alaya the son of a if L the guy la night
alaya the son of a if L the guy la night is ray I the carmelite pay awry the
is ray I the carmelite pay awry the
is ray I the carmelite pay awry the Arbeit igil the son of nathan of Zuber
Arbeit igil the son of nathan of Zuber
Arbeit igil the son of nathan of Zuber Bain I the guy right zelich the ammonite
Bain I the guy right zelich the ammonite
Bain I the guy right zelich the ammonite nay Hirai the be II recite armour-bearer
nay Hirai the be II recite armour-bearer
nay Hirai the be II recite armour-bearer of Joab the son of Zara aya IRA the 8th
of Joab the son of Zara aya IRA the 8th
of Joab the son of Zara aya IRA the 8th right
right
right Gharib the earth right and Uriah the
Gharib the earth right and Uriah the
Gharib the earth right and Uriah the Hittite 37 in all
Hittite 37 in all
Hittite 37 in all [Music]